{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs36\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 CTFs and Wargames}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Capture The Flag(CTF) events\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Ringzer0 team}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f0\fs24\b1\i0 CTF}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 http://ringzer0team.com/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Description: }{\f0\fs24 RingZer0 Team's online CTF offers you tons of challenges designed to test and improve your hacking skills thru hacking challenge. Register and get a flag for every challenges. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1\i0 Archive of recent CTFs}
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs28\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 http://repo.shell-storm.org/CTF/}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Captf }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Site: http://captf.com/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Description from their homepage:}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 This site is primarily the work of psifertex since he needed a dump site for a variety of CTF material and since many other public sites documenting the art and sport of Hacking Capture the Flag events have come and gone over the years.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs24 It has a pretty damn big list of CTFs going all the way back to 2004.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain \f0\fs24
\par\plain {\f0\fs28\b1 Wargames}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1 pwn0 Wargame}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 https://pwn0.com/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0 From their site: }{\f0\fs24 \line \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93pwn0 is a network where (almost) anything goes. Just }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://pwn0.com/ucp.php?mode=register"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf3 sign up}}{\f0\fs24 , connect to the }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://pwn0.com/VPN.php"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b1\ul\ulc0\cf3 VPN}}{\f0\fs24 , and start hacking. #pwn0 on freenode \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Microcorruption}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab https://microcorruption.com/login}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 OverTheWire Wargames}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 http://overthewire.org/wargames/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OverTheWire provides several wargames publicly/freely available. All very good quality. Highly recommended.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Smash the Stack Wargames}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 http://smashthestack.org/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smash the stack hosts several public wargames of very good quality for free use. Highly recommended.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CTF Writeups}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://github.com/ctfs/write-ups}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0}