# Alpraking's OPSEC Rant

Alpraking's OPSEC guide to being a successful kingpin. 
submitted 5 hours ago * by AlpraKing
For sale only $1999.97 unti.....
pls UPVOTE cuz FREE.
So you want to ship hundred of thousand of pills a week for years and stay safe?
Here's a couple of tips to keep you safe. I've been here since SR 1.0 under various aliases and have, over the course of my-3 years online career , shipped over 10 million pills. I used to press pills myself. Now last time i've seen a press was a year ago. I'm basically just smoking bowls and trolling on reddit now.
1. Outsource
Outsourcing simply refers to the noble art of hiring other people, "pawns of the checker", to do the dirty work. You want to hire clean people that dont arise suspicions. They will be doing the dirty work so you want to hire someone who isn't already involved in drug trade or has priors. Don't get me wrong, you'll do everything in your power to protect them. Remember, if your guys catch heat, it can propagate to deeper layers fairly quickly and ultimately, to you.
2. Separate Administration & Execution
Have a layer of people who are doing the "boss" work and another one who is doing the "executive" work. Boss work is mainly paperwork and verifications to ensure everyone is doing his job properly and numbers balance and quality control is in check. Administrators dont get their hand dirty as that they will not handle the drugs themselves, but they will make sure packs are being shipped, tracking codes are being handled, productions are being made correctly and such. Administration is a promotion for executives who have shown a great degree of skill and loyalty. You can't put just anyone to overlook someone else's work. You have to get someone who has done it before and will be able to train new personnel or solve irregular issues. I normally promote my executors to administrators once they have shown that they can handle any issue from their business. I have them hire one of their friend and pay both from my own pocket. Employees kind of like hearing "hey, how about you keep your salary, train your friend to do your job, and you both will earn the same thing, paid from the big boss' pocket." More than money, people want power. Give power to people who want power and keep the money for yourself.
3. Treat your employees well but do NOT overpay them.
Treat your employees well by giving them insurances, paid vacations & trips, surprises bonuses, gifts and such. Do NOT give them a large payout even if they're pressing or shipping hundreds of thousands of pills. If someone becomes too comfortable with his pay, his quality of work will lower. you have to keep your employees dependant on you. Overpaying employees = Bad work. Double loss. For example in my own company all employees have a health insurance. they are allowed up to 1500/month in private medical, psychological bills paid by my expense) If not used, it will be given as a bonus vacation trip every couple months. Any lawyer time they might need for questions is also paid by the company.
4. Don't hire people under 30 years old
Both in the administrative and executive field. People under 30 years old are reckless, like to hang out in bars and brag to friends. People over 30 years old (get 40,50+ if you can) tend to be more straight with their shit. Much less likely to steal or botch the work and normally know the value of money. If you can get someone 40 yo+ that doesn't have a record, its most likely someone who already had a full-time job and knows how to work decently and not do dirty shit. Im 20 btw.
5. Inform your people
Tell them the truth. what they're risking, what to expect, have them meet your own loyal people who already been arrested for you and have them testify about the backup they had for not snitching. People will be much less likely to switch on you if you've told them exactly the truth. Don't go around with "There's no risk!" bullshit. Not only will your guys not believe you but they'll totally go nuts when they get arrested if you do.
6. Back your own people
Make sure all of your people are properly lawyered up. have them know by heart the name and phone number of their designated lawyer (under your control) and have them meet regularly, all expenses paid by you, in order to strengthen this trust between the lawyer and the employee.
7. Don't hire people yourself
People close to you, that you love and value, should not be getting their hands dirty on the long run. have them quit, or promote them quickly, if you have them on the field. As soon as they've mastered their work, have them hire their own friend to do your work, and pay both.
8. Rotate your employees between jobs
By rotating your employees between various work in your company you not only prevent heat from accumulating on one particular place or person, confusing investigations, but you're also contributing to their general training. this has various positive consequences; You are able to better target the quality and flaws of your various employees by having them try numerous different things. Also, if a branch of the operation is arrested, you can quickly reach out to your other personnel who has done similar work in the past to fill the voids.
9. Have separate different secret workspots, and different labs.
In order to confuse investigations, its mandatory to have different personnel, workspots, and labs. If i feel that heat is growing on one lab, I can quickly clean it up, have the worker stop and lay low for a while, and i simply transfer the workload over another less-heated up lab and production-guy. Its very difficult to see all the connections amongst various people especially when dealing with over 30 employees, but its needed. These connections are what will carry heat. I tend to think of it a bit like a computer would:
10. Get it down to numbers. (TLDRs; skip this part)
its hard to explain this part with words so I'll give an example with numbers.
You suspect your packs are being profiled. If there is profiling going on, your courier is going to be considered the starting point of the heat. We will give it a 80% heat rating for this very event. Considering the courier access 3 times a week a stash, you will give the stash a 50% heat rating, just from this very link. the stash himself is linked to the lab, but only access it onces every 2 weeks. you will give your lab a 15% heat rating from this very event. Your treshold of risk is 70% (meaning you will shut down someone/somewhere that has over 70% heat rating), at this point you will shut down the courier and have him lay low, but the heat is not yet sufficient to close the stash and the lab, at 50% and 15% respectively
Now a few days later you see a cop car parked on the street of your lab. This very event is worth 50% heat on your lab, and will also drip a 20% heat on your stash and 5% on your courier due to the links.
Now shit got hot. Everything is above 70%. closing the entire branch.
You'll admit it doesn't take math to notice that if your packs are being profiled AND a cop car is seen near your lab, you must be pretty hot as a whole and you SHOULD shut down. All I did was add numbers to follow the flow of heat and decide wisely what is hot and what is not. My objective is to keep all places around 30-40% heat which i consider a stable zone. If 60-70% is reached im going to start investigating very closely, but I will not close it down. If it busts 80% then its being closed down and laid low for a few weeks. Its not accurate because you have to estimate everything with little to no information, but it definitely helps seeing things and calculate your moves. If an event bust 150%, i will completely dismantle the place and move it to another spot.
11. Trust buffers.
Always have a layer of administration between you and your executives. You don't hire any executives, have your administrators do it. By doing so, NO ONE at risk of being busted knows who you are, let alone that you exist. If employees get caught and want to snitch, all they'll snitch is your administrator, who you should have sufficient trust in to believe he wont snitch you also.
12. Family links between employees are powerful. 
If you testify in court, you don't get to choose who you snitch and who you don't (In Canada at least). You snitch everything or nothing. So it helps if employees get caught with members of their families, because they are much less likely to snitch as it would involve having them snitch on their own family. You can also use the trust between members of a single family to your advantage. You can normally trust your employee's brother or sister pretty much the same as you can trust your employee. assuming both work for you.
13. Control the money
Do not reveal how much you're making or how much people are making relative to one another. Its none of their business. I normally fund in cash one of my administrators with a lot of cash and he pays everyone by sending them cash in the mail, or bitcoins. He makes comptability records and bring them to me so i can see where the money went, before I handle more cash/btc to him.
14. Encrypt everything
Have your employees familiar with tails & tor+pgp communications. Anyone minially professional will take some notes. Make sure all your employees from the top to the bottom is familiar with TAILS and has a secure passphrase. Have them place all their documentation and notes there. Any paper hanging around must be burned.
15. Avoid keeping illegal shit around the "dangerous hours".
I refer to "Dangerous hours" as week-days 5AM to 8AM. My experience has shown me 90% of large drug raids occur during this time period.
16. Not everyone has to know everyone.
Its everyone's dream to think its like the movies where we gangsta organise "cartel parties" where everyone is invited. It doesn't work that way. If someone doesn't have to meet someone, don't make them meet. Don't take the risk of adding up more "heat rating" by creating un-necessary links between individuals who are not directly connected.
17. Keep "jokers" 
Jokers are last-resort cards that allow you to solve dangerous issues or take-over control of your business in the event of catastrophic problems. Pictures of your employees naked, hacked passwords to their facebooks, knowing their addresses, etc. Anything you can use against them if shit goes wrong helps.
18. Be diplomat when kicking people out
Always be very diplomat when kicking people out. Give them a nice fat good-bye paycheck and specify you're giving them this paycheck to "forget everything". Keep good terms and explain your decisions with opsec and that you're doing this for their own protection.
19. If your company screw up, pickup the pieces, dont flee.
Believe me, its worth more in the long run if you admit to being busted/admit to problems, refund everyone, close shop for a few months, and come back, than it is to exit scam and start under a new name. It builds confidence in the long run. Its easy to be honest when your business goes well. But its in the bad moments that you show your true face. If you've been fucked in the past, been honest with everyone then came back, it gives an assurance that the same will happen if there's a fuckup in the future. How many vendors look so perfect until they start having issues? and when they do, most will run with customers money. If you are honest with customers despite problems, it will reward you later. It also helps looking at yourself in the mirror in the morning knowing you haven't fucked over a ton of people with less wealth than you.
20. Always change
Always change lab locations, stealth, rotate employees, open and closes front or laundering shops. Have several at the same time so you can switch work between places. Its like playing whack a mole with LE. If you stay too long in one single place, you'll get caught. I do not believe in "megalabs" with super OPSEC that are stable for years. A decentralised network of several small labs & dispatch places, constantly changing places, is the best. Its even better when you can afford to change places AND employee at the same time. Literally drops heat rating to 0%
21. Make sure your team's opsec is always on point.
Meet regularly with your administrators and have them tell you all the problems. Never get angry and don't judge them. They'll be much more open if they do not fear your reaction. Everyone can make mistakes. Your administrators should have the same attitude toward their employees. A transparent company allows you to see more problems and react accordingly.
22. Don't flash
Don't. Just don't. Fuck nice cars & nice houses as long as you are on the field or know directly people who work on the field. That will get you heated up more than anything else. Pile your money, hide it and work on laundering it with as much care and opsec as you do with your drugs. Fuel it in a legitimate business, with customers, then start laundering it slowly. Remember, as long as your money isn't properly laundered, its virtual. Anything you buy with it is a cursed gift that will increase your own heat and can also potentially be seized by LE. You can start flashing when all your work has been securely outsourced or when you retire.
23. Dont get high on your own supply
You should actually never even have your own supply in your house or somewhere that could be linked to you. It also impairs your judgement and can worsen paranoia, narcissism and other personality problems you tend to develop being in the drug business. Especially Xanax. Dont take Xanax and take important decisions; you will regret it.
24. Prepare for an arrest
Prepare yourself, psychologically and with your lawyer, your family, your administrators, in the event of a bust. Make sure you have cash readily accessible by your trusted people and have a plan. You won't be able to interact much with the outside world starting the very moment your door is rammed. And you won't be told when it would happen. Run "simulations" of a scenario where you and several of your administrators are arrested. Make sure someone can take your place or at least handle your personnal stuff, and get yourself a lawyer early on the payroll. Everytime you go to sleep in your bed, it might be the last night you get to pass there for a couple years. And everytime you peacefully wake up in the morning, congrats yourself that you have survived yet another day.
The end
Well not really, I wrote that nonstop just spewing out ideas. I think I could continue until 100. but my coke binge is over and i'm growing tired of writing. Good luck with your high-volume ambition, plebs. >:)
TL;DR: https://anony.ws/image/JYCI
P.S. Whoever is pressing fentanyl in xanax bars; Stop. Please. You're attracting LE attention on my game and making me lose sales due to everyone freaking the fuck out in the streets. And you're killing people. It's wrong.