{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.spokeo.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Spokeo}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~People search engine and free white pages finds phone, address, email, and photos. Find people by name, email, address, and phone for free.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/theharvester/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 theHarvester }}{\f0\fs24 -\~This tool is intended to help Penetration testers in the early stages of the penetration test in order to understand the customer footprint on the Internet. It is also useful for anyone that wants to know what an attacker can see about their organization.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.informatica64.com/foca.aspx"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Foca}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~FOCA 3.2 Free\~is a fingerprinrint and information gathering tool for pentesters. It searchs for servers, domains, URLS and public documents and print out discoverd information in a network tree. It also searches for data leaks such as metadata, directory listing, unsecure HTTP methods, .listing or .DS_Store files, actived cache in DNS Serves, etc\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.shodanhq.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Shodan}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Search for computers based on software, geography, operating system, IP address and more}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.paterva.com/web6/products/maltego.php"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Maltego}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Maltego is a unique platform developed to deliver a clear threat picture to the environment that an organization owns and operates. Maltego\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s unique advantage is to demonstrate the complexity and severity of single points of failure as well as trust relationships that exist currently within the scope of your infrastructure.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.deepmagic.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Deep Magic }}{\f0\fs24 -\~Search for DNS records and other fun stuff}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.jigsaw.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Jigsaw}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Jigsaw\~is a prospecting tool used by sales professionals, marketers and recruiters to get fresh and accurate sales leads and business contact information.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.hoovers.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Hoovers}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Search over 85 million companies within 900 industry segments;\~Hoover\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s\~Reports Easy-to-read reports on key\~competitors, financials, and executives}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.marketvisual.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Market Visual}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Search Professionals by Name, Company or Title}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www2.zippyshare.com/v/1223894/file.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 FoxOne Scanner }}{\f0\fs24 -\~Non- Invasive and Non-Detectable WebServer Reconnaissance Scanner}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://ilektrojohn.github.com/creepy/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Creepy}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~creepy is an application that allows you to gather geolocation related information about users from social networking platforms and image hosting services.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.recordedfuture.com"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Recorded Future}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Recorded Future intelligence analysis tools help analysts understand trends in big data, and foresee what may happen in the future. Groundbreaking algorithms extract temporal and predictive signals from unstructured text. Recorded Future organizes this information, delineates results over interactive timelines, visualizes past trends, and maps future events\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u8220\'93 all while providing traceability back to sources. From OSINT to classified data, Recorded Future offers innovative, massively scalable solutions.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.mobistealth.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 MobiStealth}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Mobistealth Cell Phone Spy Software empowers you to get the answers you truly want and deserve. Including a host of advanced surveillance features, our Cell Phone Spy Software secretly monitors all cell phone activities and sends the information back to your Mobistealth user account.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.sensepost.com/blog/7557.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Snoopy}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Snoopy is a distributed tracking and profiling framework}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://immunityproducts.blogspot.co.uk/2012/08/stalker-analyzing-your-wireless-data.html"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Stalker}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~STALKER is a tool to reconstruct all captured traffic (wired or wireless alike) and parse out all of the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93interesting\u8221\'94 information disclosures. \~It goes beyond just grabbing passwords and emails out of the air as it attempts to build a complete profile of your target(s). \~You would be amazed at how much data you can collect in 15 minutes.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://inmaps.linkedinlabs.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 LinkedIn Maps}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Your professional world. Visualized. Map your professional network to understand the relationships between you and your connections}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://littlesis.org/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 LittleSis}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~LittleSis\~is a free database of who-knows-who at the heights of business and government.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://entitycube.research.microsoft.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Entity Cube}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~EntityCube\~is a research prototype for exploring object-level search technologies, which automatically summarizes the Web for entities (such as people, locations and organizations) with a modest web presence.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.tineye.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 TinEye}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~TinEye\~is a reverse image search engine built by Id\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u195\'C3\u169\'A9e currently in beta. Give it an image and it will tell you where the image appears on the web.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.exploit-db.com/google-dorks/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Google Hacking DB }}{\f0\fs24 - Google Search Query Fu to find the secret sauce}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.serversniff.net/index.php"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 ServerSniff}}{\f0\fs24 \~\endash \~ServerSniff.net \endash  Your free \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Swiss Army Knife\u8221\'94 for networking, serverchecks and routing with many many little toys and tools for administrators, webmasters, developers, powerusers und security-aware users.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.my-ip-neighbors.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 MyIPNeighbours}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~My IP Neighbors lets you find out if any other web sites (\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93virtual hosts\u8221\'94) are hosted on a given web server.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://socialmention.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Social Mention}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Social Mention\~is a social media search engine that searches user-generated content such as blogs, comments, bookmarks, events, news, videos, and more}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.glassdoor.com/index.htm"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Glass Door}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Search jobs then look inside. Company salaries, reviews, interview questions, and more \endash  all posted anonymously by employees and job seekers.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://namechk.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 NameCHK}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Check to see if your desired username or vanity url is still available at dozens of popular Social Networking and Social Bookmarking websites.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://blog.c22.cc/2012/10/03/scythe-framework/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Scythe}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~The ability to test a range of email addresses (or account names) across a range of websites (e.g. social media, blogging platforms, etc\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u166\'A6) to find where those \u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u339\'9Ctargets\u226\'E2\u8364\'80\u157\'9D have active accounts.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://code.google.com/p/ptscripts/source/browse/trunk/recon-ng.py"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Recon-NG}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  A nice Python Script that automates recon on LinkedIn, Jigsaw, Shodan and some search engine fu.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.offensivecountermeasures.com/forum/topics/pushpin-1"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Pushpin}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  Awesome little Python script that will identify\~every tweet, flicker pic and Youtube video within an area of a specific Geo address.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.silobreaker.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Silobreaker}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  Enterprise Semantic Search Engine, allows virtualisation of data, analytics and exploration of key data.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/trends/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Google Trends}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  See what are the popular related topics people are searching for. This will help widen your search scope.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.google.com/alerts"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Google Alerts}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Google Alerts are email updates of the latest relevant Google results (web, news, etc.) based on your queries.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://addictomatic.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Addict-o-matic}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  Nice little search\~aggregator. Allows you to enter a search term and build a page from search and social networking sites.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.andrewmohawk.com/pasteLert/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 PasteLert}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~PasteLert is a simple system to search pastebin.com and set up alerts (like google alerts) for pastebin.com entries. This means you will automatically recieve email whenever your term(s) is/are found in new pastebin entries!}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.kurrently.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Kurrently}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  Real Time Search Engine for Social Media.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://checkusernames.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 CheckUsernames}}{\f0\fs24 \~\endash  Check for usernames across 160 Social Networking Sites.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.whostalkin.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Whos Talkin}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~social media search tool that allows users to search for conversations surrounding the topics that they care about most.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.192.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 192 }}{\f0\fs24 - Search for People, Businesses and Places in the UK.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.freedomcoder.com.ar/2009/11/27/esearchy-ng-work/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Esearchy}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Esearchy is a small library capable of searching the internet for email addresses. It can also search for emails within supported documents.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.touchgraph.com/seo"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 TouchGraph SEO}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  Java based tool for importing and visualising various data types.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://talkback.volvent.org/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 TalkBack}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Talkback is a web-based system to view trending vulnerability and security research data mined from social-media.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.tweetarchivist.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Tweet Archivist}}{\f0\fs24  \endash \~Tweets are ephemeral.\~}{\f0\fs24\b1 Tweets disappear.}{\f0\fs24 \~Why? That\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s the way Twitter is designed. Tweet Archivist can save those tweets before they\u8217\'92re gone. Now, to be clear, Tweet Archivist is not an archive of every tweet ever tweeted. It doesn\u8217\'92t have a database of all tweets.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://whoisology.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Whoisology}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  Handy little search engine based on Whois data to identify domains owned by a specific contact.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://search.carrot2.org/stable/search"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 Carrot2}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  Nice little visualisation search engine.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://www.iseek.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 iSeek}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  Another handy search engine that break results down into easy to manage categories.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://globalfilesearch.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 GlobalFileSearch}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  An FTP Search Engine that may come in handy.}
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://nerdydata.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 NerdyData}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  Neat search engine that works at the source code level.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://onemilliontweetmap.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\ul\ulc0\cf3 OneMillionTweetMap}}{\f0\fs24  \endash  Provides visual confirmation of tweets where geotags are enabled, also provides heatmaps for heavy tweet areas.}}