{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Url: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://eprint.iacr.org/2014/344.pdf}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Title: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0 Toward Robust Hidden Volumes using Write-Only Oblivious RAM}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Short:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 With sensitive data being increasingly stored on mobile devices and}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 laptops, hard disk encryption is more important than ever. In partic-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ular, being able to plausibly deny that a hard disk contains certain}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 information is a very useful and interesting research goal. However,}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 it has been known for some time that existing \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93hidden volume\u8221\'94 so-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 lutions, like TrueCrypt, fail in the face of an adversary who is able}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to observe the contents of a disk on multiple, separate occasions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In this work, we explore more robust constructions for hidden vol-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 umes and present HIVE, which is resistant to more powerful ad-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 versaries with multiple-snapshot capabilities. In pursuit of this, we}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 propose the first security definitions for hidden volumes, and prove}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 HIVE secure under these definitions. At the core of HIVE, we de-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 sign a new}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 write-only}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Oblivious RAM. We show that, when only}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 hiding writes, it is possible to achieve ORAM with optimal O}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 (1)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 communication complexity and only poly-logarithmic user mem-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ory. This is a significant improvement over existing work and an}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 independently interesting result. We go on to show that our write-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 only ORAM is specially equipped to provide hidden volume func-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 tionality with low overhead and significantly increased security. Fi-}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 nally, we implement HIVE as a Linux kernel block device to show}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 both its practicality and usefulness on existing platforms.}}