{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nikto:}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 WPScan:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 http://wpscan.org/}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 JoomScan: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_Joomla_Vulnerability_Scanner_Project}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Joomla! is probably the most widely-used CMS out there due to its flexibility, user-friendlinesss, extensibility to name a few.So, watching its vulnerabilities and adding such vulnerabilities as KB to Joomla scanner takes ongoing activity.It will help web developers and web masters to help identify possible security weaknesses on their deployed Joomla! sites. No web security scanner is dedicated only one CMS. }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CMSExplorer: https://code.google.com/p/cms-explorer/}
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CMS Explorer is designed to reveal the the specific modules, plugins, components and themes that various CMS driven web sites are running. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Additionally, CMS Explorer can be used to aid in security testing. While it performs no direct security checks, the "explore" option can be used to reveal hidden/library files which are not typically accessed by web clients but are nonetheless accessible. This is done by retrieving the module's current source tree and then requesting those file names from the target system. These requests can be sent through a distinct proxy to help "bootstrap" security testing tools like Burp, Paros, Webinspect, etc. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CMS Explorer can also search }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://osvdb.org/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf3 OSVDB}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  for vulnerabilities with the installed components. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 CMS Explorer currently supports module/theme discovery with the following products: }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Drupal }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wordpress }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Joomla! }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Mambo }
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 And exploration of the following products: }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Drupal }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Wordpress }}