{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9675\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li1440\lin1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9675\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li2160\lin2160}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9675\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li1440\lin1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9675\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li2160\lin2160}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9675\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li2880\lin2880}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Securing Your Android Device}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rooted / Non - Rooted Sections}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why rooting/changing roms can be more secure than standard stock roms}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Why rooting can be unsafe etc}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 http://opensecuritytraining.info/AndroidForensics.html}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24 This class serves as a foundation for mobile digital forensics, forensics of Android operating systems, and penetration testing of Android applications. }
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Hardening Guides}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Android Hardening Guide by the TOR developers, from:\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab https://blog.torproject.org/blog/mission-impossible-hardening-android-security-and-privacy\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\pard\plain \li1440\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9675\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This blog post describes the installation and configuration of a prototype of a secure, full-featured, Android telecommunications device with full Tor support, individual application firewalling, true cell network baseband isolation, and optional ZRTP encrypted voice and video support. ZRTP does run over UDP which is not yet possible to send over Tor, but we are able to send SIP account login and call setup over Tor independently.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9675\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The SIP client we recommend also supports dialing normal telephone numbers if you have a SIP gateway that provides trunking service.}
\par\plain \ilvl1{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9675\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Aside from a handful of binary blobs to manage the device firmware and graphics acceleration, the entire system can be assembled (and recompiled) using only FOSS components. However, as an added bonus, we will describe how to handle the Google Play store as well, to mitigate the two infamous Google Play Backdoors.}
\par\pard\plain \li720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Android 4.0+ Hardening Guide/Checklist by University of Texas:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab https://wikis.utexas.edu/display/ISO/Google+Android+Hardening+Checklist}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Applications}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Firewall}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Android Firewall(}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Requires Root)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jtschohl.androidfirewall&hl=en}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Xprivacy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab The Ultimate Android Privacy Manager(Requires Root)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab https://github.com/M66B/XPrivacy}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab Google Play: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=biz.bokhorst.xprivacy.installer&hl=en}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Backups}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Titanium Backup}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup}
\par\pard\plain \li2880\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl3{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9675\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Personal favorite for making backups. Backups are stored locally or automatically to various cloud services.}
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab Helium Backup(Root Not Required)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.koushikdutta.backup&hl=en}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab \tab Backs up data locally or to various cloud services. Local client available for backups directly to PC.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Analyzing the Attack Surface of your device}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Resources}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Encryption}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Check the Encryption section of the overall guide for more information.}}