{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F;}{\levelnumbers;}\f0\fs24\b0\i0\fi-360\li720\lin720}{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0\ul\ulc0 Attacking Android Devices}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 http://androidvulnerabilities.org/all}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Books}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Android hackers handbook}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Security Analysis}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Android Device Testing Framework(DTF)}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From: https://github.com/jakev/dtf/tree/v1.0.3}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Android Device Testing Framework ("dtf") is a data collection and analysis framework to help individuals answer the question: "Where are the vulnerabilities on this mobile device?" Dtf provides a modular approach and built-in APIs that allows testers to quickly create scripts to interact with their Android devices. The default download of dtf comes with multiple modules that allow testers to obtain information from their Android device, process this information into databases, and then start searching for vulnerabilities (all without requiring root privileges). These modules help you focus on changes made to AOSP components such as applications, frameworks, system services, as well as lower-level components such as binaries, libraries, and device drivers. In addition, you'll be able to analyze new functionality implemented by the OEMs and other parties to find vulnerabilities.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 drozer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://github.com/mwrlabs/drozer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 drozer allows you to search for security vulnerabilities in apps and devices by assuming the role of an app and interacting with the Dalvik VM, other apps' IPC endpoints and the underlying OS.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://github.com/mwrlabs/drozer}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Can be downloaded at: }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 mwr.to/drozer}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 App Analysis}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Androguard}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From their site:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Androguard is mainly a tool written in python to play with : }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dex/Odex (}{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://sites.google.com/site/io/dalvik-vm-internals"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf3 Dalvik}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  virtual machine) (.dex) (disassemble, decompilation), }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 APK (Android }{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://play.google.com/"}{\fldrslt\f0\fs24\b0\i0\ul\ulc0\cf3 application}}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ) (.apk), }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Android's binary xml (.xml), }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls1\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Android Resources (.arsc). }
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Androguard is available for Linux/OSX/Windows (python powered).}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 https://code.google.com/p/androguard }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 Droidmap\tab }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From their website:}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 DroidBox is developed to offer dynamic analysis of Android applications. The following information is shown in the results, generated when analysis is ended: }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hashes for the analyzed package }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Incoming/outgoing network data }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 File read and write operations }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Started services and loaded classes through DexClassLoader }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Information leaks via the network, file and SMS }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Circumvented permissions }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cryptography operations performed using Android API }
\par\plain \ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Listing broadcast receivers }
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sa240\ltrch\loch \ls2\ilvl0{\listtext\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u9679\'3F\tab }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Sent SMS and phone calls }
\par\pard\plain \sa240\sb240\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Additionally, two images are generated visualizing the behavior of the package. One showing the temporal order of the operations and the other one being a treemap that can be used to check similarity between analyzed packages. }
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 \tab \tab https://code.google.com/p/droidbox/}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \tab }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b1\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Links: }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Security enhancements in android through its versions: www.androidtamer.com}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 OWASP GoatDroid}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 From: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Projects/OWASP_GoatDroid_Project}
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93OWASP GoatDroid is a fully functional and self-contained training environment for educating developers and testers on Android security. GoatDroid requires minimal dependencies and is ideal for both Android beginners as well as more advanced users. The project currently includes two applications: FourGoats, a location-based social network, and Herd Financial, a mobile banking application. There are also several feature that greatly simplify usage within a training environment or for absolute beginners who want a good introduction to working with the Android platform.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\sb240\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch \f0\fs24\b0\i0}